=head1 NAME

Config::Model::models::LCDd::CFontzPacket - Configuration class LCDd::CFontzPacket

=head1 VERSION

version 1.257

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Configuration classes used by L<Config::Model>

=head1 Elements

=head2 Model

Select the LCD model [default: 633; legal: 533, 631, 633, 635]I<< Optional. Type enum. choice: '533', '631', '633', '635'. upstream_default: '633'.  >>

=head2 Device

Select the output device to use [default: /dev/lcd]I<< Optional. Type uniline. default: '/dev/ttyUSB0'.  >>

=head2 Contrast

Set the initial contrast [default: 560; legal: 0 - 1000]I<< Optional. Type integer. upstream_default: '560'.  >>

=head2 Brightness

Set the initial brightness [default: 1000; legal: 0 - 1000]I<< Optional. Type integer. upstream_default: '1000'.  >>

=head2 OffBrightness

Set the initial off-brightness [default: 0; legal: 0 - 1000]
This value is used when the display is normally
switched off in case LCDd is inactive. I<< Optional. Type integer. upstream_default: '0'.  >>

=head2 Reboot

Reinitialize the LCD's BIOS on driver start. [default: no; legal: yes, no]I<< Optional. Type enum. choice: 'yes', 'no'. upstream_default: 'no'.  >>

=head2 USB

Enable the USB flag if the device is connected to an USB port. For
serial ports leave it disabled. [default: no; legal: yes, no]I<< Optional. Type enum. choice: 'yes', 'no'. upstream_default: 'no'.  >>

=head2 OldFirmware

Very old 633 firmware versions do not support partial screen updates using
'Send Data to LCD' command (31). For those devices it may be necessary to
enable this flag. [default: no; legal: yes, no]I<< Optional. Type enum. choice: 'yes', 'no'. upstream_default: 'no'.  >>

=head2 Size

Override the LCD size known for the selected model. Usually setting this
value should not be necessary.I<< Optional. Type uniline. default: '20x4'.  >>

=head2 Speed

Override the default communication speed known for the selected model.
[default: depending on model; legal: 19200, 115200]I<< Optional. Type enum. choice: '19200', '115200'. upstream_default: 'dependingonmodel'.  >>

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item *

L<config-edit>

=back

=cut
